hi everyone says trophy intent twelves
back time for four other DVDs I have my
collection the first two are mine and I
forgot to show these on my June 6 2011
mega DVD update the 2008 blockbuster
exclusive DD a superhero movie with
Drake Bell exclusive bonus footage
additional deleted scenes spine back
this movie I haven't seen yet with great
power comes laughs Stacy Layne Wilson
Skye Phi weekly where a pg-13 and 75
minutes special features Ultra ending
Glee scenes and theatrical trailer these
two DVDs I got blockbuster from the 9th
April 2011 here's a disc and a former
rental from Blockbuster next one's a
nerd 2008 DVD buddy 2007 film mr.
Magorium's wonder Emporium this is a
good movie and I also sauce movie in the
theater back in 2007 I'm out and I also
have the chapter book for the film's spy
back there's no runtime on here because
this is a blockbuster formal rental case
here's a disc until blockbuster rental
case next one's my brother's DVD 2007
25th anniversary edition of Cujo from
the terrifying novel by Stephen King I
have a lot to say about this movie which
is gonna be an incredible rant about
this film spine back based on the
terrifying bestseller by suspense master
Stephen King special features audio
commentary by director Lew sturgeon Dog
Days and making of Cujo three-part
documentary with all new interviews
featuring cancer filmmakers 16.9
widescreen Dolby mono audio English and
Spanish subtitles English closed
captions radar 95 minutes now I have a
lot to say about this movie I'm got this
film sucks I mean it's awful can you
believe it it's about us monstrous Saint
Bernard dog
food Cujo who traps a mom named Donna
Trenton played by Dee wass the mom from
ET along with her son Ted played by
Danny pinch waro
in every scene of this movie Ted cries
whenever Cujo peers and most of all I
hate horror movies this horror movie
sucks
yeah I saw this once with my brothers my
brother wanted to get this for Christmas
so he got it this film is god-awful me
I'm never ever watching a horror movie
ever get in my life disc ads for other
movies now vample and Dee Dee and
Captain kite this film is offline I'm
never ever watching it again last DVD is
my dad's which he got for Christmas 2011
extended edition DVD of Fast Five with
Vin Diesel Paul Walker and Dwayne
Johnson the best in the stories retro
crosstime yes I do like the fast no
Furious series spine back special
features belief scenes gag reel Dom's
journey Brian O'Connor from fed to con
enter federal agent hopes feature
contour of director Justin Lin Rae pg-13
and theatrical 2 hours and 11 minutes
extended 2 hours and 12 minutes there's
purple disc ants in an uncut eco case
this is troll Fanta twelves back see you
later